December 2nd, 2025 Sprint Review: 

### Team Contributions this past week
#### Aneesh
- API for pulses
- API for graphs
- Review PRs
#### Yifei
- Publish website onto the internet
- Build automatic deployment and use AWS
- Running into issues with ports
#### Graham
- Create individual methods for the Fetch API (GET, 
#### Peter
- Ran into issues with the Fetch API PR being pushed late (not able to start his issue) and weird docker setup issues
- Fixed issues with setting up the server with docker
- Working on course APIs
#### Yukun
- Didn’t have much to do, just did code review
- Working on new issues
#### Aditya
- Implementing the CRUD API for teams
#### Jayanti
- Created attendance API
- Assigned data issues
#### Justin
- Did lots of CSS work for dropdowns and forms
- Made menu responsive
- Set up NGINX
#### Weston
- Worked on Opentelemetry, pushed it to a branch called ‘otel’
#### Jacky
- Minor change to previous PR for journal APIs
- Working to permutation hooks related to journal
- Needs to resolve journal related issues this week
#### Omair
- Putting in code so that we can modularize later
- Import Zinggrid
- There is a problem with the logout button right now where pressing logout does not take you back to the login screen, instead you need to click on something else after logout and it will take you there
- Possibly a frontend issue since they have the logout button webcomponent

### Takeaways from Retrospective
- Needs more communication between frontend and backend right now
- Better documentation, although Swagger is working good as documentation for the backend
- Integration between frontend and backend could be better, we will work on it more this week
- Frontend is coming along nicely!
- It was a little hard to make progress this week because of Thanksgiving break.
- Interaction is for recording interactions with the team or with students. It’s a form of signal.
   - Like someone raising their hand or asking a question.
   - Should be private. Don’t want the student to see that you had a negative interaction with them.
   - Staff should have visibility of interactions because they serve as signals to help grading.
   - Can be negative. Like if a student is being a jerk or asks stupid questions.
   - Can link multiple people.
   - Maybe it would be best if only staff could create interactions. It would be difficult to find situations where students would want to create interactions.
- We should possibly add an admin role, above professor, that assigns professors and organizes all the courses.
- There might be a workaround for this for now that doesn’t require an admin but still lets us assign professors
- Frontend test is just an automated process of what the user would do
- Gonna have the hackathon on the 6th (Saturday), and potentially another one on the 8th?
- Code freeze is on the 10th
